README.md, before:

![Digital Enterprise End-to-end Platform Microservices](https://github.com/MitocGroup/deep-microservices-helloworld/blob/master/src/DeepHelloWorld/Frontend/img/logo.png) DEEP Microservices Root AngularJS 
=================================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/MitocGroup/deep-microservices-root-angularjs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/MitocGroup/deep-microservices-root-angularjs)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/ef7c8d169940408dbeb10c634c8b4259)](https://www.codacy.com/app/MitocGroup/deep-microservices-root-angularjs)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/MitocGroup/deep-microservices-root-angularjs/badge.svg?service=github&t=eBt0EE)](https://coveralls.io/github/MitocGroup/deep-microservices-root-angularjs)

[Digital Enterprise End-to-end Platform](https://github.com/MitocGroup/deep-framework) (also known as DEEP) is low cost and low maintenance Platform-as-a-Service powered by abstracted services (also known as serverless environments) from AWS.

## Getting Started

### How to add AgularJS module

**DeepNgRoot** is a root micro-service which provides [AngularJS](https://angularjs.org/) and [AngularUI Router](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router) module.

It automatically loads each bootstrap.js micro-service and attaches the angular module declared.

To connect your angular module you have to export the function with the name of the angular module as _default_.

> The exported function must return _Promise_.

```javascript
export default function moduleName() {
  return System.import('angular_module.js');
};
```
### Hooks

The functions exported by a third-party micro services are executed before load AngularJS and its modules .

> All hooks are optional

**configLoad** - The function to load the settings for the remaining scripts. Performed first.

> The exported function must return _Promise_.

```javascript
export function configLoad() {
  return System.import('deep.core/js/config.core.js');
}
```

**loadFirst** - The function to load scripts before AngularJS.

> The exported function must return _Promise_.

```javascript
export function loadFirst() {
  let scripts = [
    Promise.resolve(System.import('jquery')),
    Promise.resolve(System.import('velocity')),
  ];

  return Promise.all(scripts);
}
```

### Dynamic page title

To set page title you have specify pageTitle parameter in the ui-router config as shown in example.

```javascript
angular.module('moduleName').config(function($stateProvider, $urlRouterProvider) {
$urlRouterProvider.otherwise('/home');
$stateProvider
    .state('home', {
        url: '/home',
        templateUrl : 'home.html',
        data : { pageTitle: 'Home' }
    });
});
```


## Digital Enterprise End-to-end Platform

[Digital Enterprise End-to-end Platform](https://github.com/MitocGroup/deep-framework) (also known as DEEP) is low cost and low maintenance Platform-as-a-Service powered by abstracted services (also known as serverless environments) from AWS. We enable businesses and developers to achieve more by doing less. [DEEP Framework](https://github.com/MitocGroup/deep-framework) abstracts the cloud services functionality and makes it easy to use and developer friendly.

DEEP is using [microservices architecture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microservices) on serverless environments from cloud providers like AWS. [DEEP Microservice](https://github.com/MitocGroup/deep-framework/blob/master/docs/microservice.md) is the predefined structure of a microservice (an application) in DEEP. There is clear separation between frontend, backend and database, as well as unit tests and documentation.

> [DEEP Marketplace](https://www.deep.mg) (aka [www.deep.mg](https://www.deep.mg)) is a web application built using DEEP and published on serverless environment from [Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com) (aka [aws.amazon.com](https://aws.amazon.com)). We make it faster and easier for developers to build and publish their software, as well as for businesses to discover and test applications they are looking for. Our goal is to connect businesses with developers, and empower technical teams to build self-service software that none technical teams could use. The marketplace is like Apple's App Store for web applications that run natively on cloud providers like AWS.

## Feedback

We are eager to get your feedback, so please use whatever communication channel you prefer:
- [github issues](https://github.com/MitocGroup/deep-framework/issues)
- [gitter chat room](https://gitter.im/MitocGroup/deep-framework)
- [deep email address](mailto:feedback@deep.mg)

## Contribution

This project is open source, and we encourage developers to contribute. Here below is the easiest way to do so:

1. [Fork](http://help.github.com/forking/) this repository in GitHub.
2. Develop the feature in your repository. Make one or more commits to your repository in GitHub.
3. Perform a [pull request](http://help.github.com/pull-requests/) from your repository back into original repository in GitHub.

Make sure you update `package.json` (or `deepkg.json`, depends on the use case) and put your name and contact information in contributors section. We would like to recognize the work and empower every contributor in creative ways :)

### License

This repository can be used under the MIT license.
> See [LICENSE](https://github.com/MitocGroup/deep-microservices-root-angularjs/blob/master/LICENSE) for more details.

### Sponsors

This repository is being sponsored by:
> [Mitoc Group](http://www.mitocgroup.com)

Commit message:

Update badges and fix unit tests

README.md, after:

![Digital Enterprise End-to-end Platform Microservices](https://github.com/MitocGroup/deep-microservices-helloworld/blob/master/src/DeepHelloWorld/Frontend/img/logo.png) DEEP Root AngularJS 
=====================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/MitocGroup/deep-microservices-root-angularjs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/MitocGroup/deep-microservices-root-angularjs)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/coverage/ef7c8d169940408dbeb10c634c8b4259)](https://www.codacy.com/app/MitocGroup/deep-microservices-root-angularjs)

[Digital Enterprise End-to-end Platform](https://github.com/MitocGroup/deep-framework) (also known as DEEP) is low cost and low maintenance Platform-as-a-Service powered by abstracted services (also known as serverless environments) from AWS.

## Getting Started [![Join char on gitter.im](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%8A%AA%20gitter%20-join%20chat%20%E2%86%92-brightgreen.svg)](https://gitter.im/MitocGroup/deep-framework)

### How to add AgularJS module

**DeepNgRoot** is a root micro-service which provides [AngularJS](https://angularjs.org/) and [AngularUI Router](https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router) module.

It automatically loads each bootstrap.js micro-service and attaches the angular module declared.

To connect your angular module you have to export the function with the name of the angular module as _default_.

> The exported function must return _Promise_.

```javascript
export default function moduleName() {
  return System.import('angular_module.js');
};
```
### Hooks

The functions exported by a third-party micro services are executed before load AngularJS and its modules .

> All hooks are optional

**configLoad** - The function to load the settings for the remaining scripts. Performed first.

> The exported function must return _Promise_.

```javascript
export function configLoad() {
  return System.import('deep.core/js/config.core.js');
}
```

**loadFirst** - The function to load scripts before AngularJS.

> The exported function must return _Promise_.

```javascript
export function loadFirst() {
  let scripts = [
    Promise.resolve(System.import('jquery')),
    Promise.resolve(System.import('velocity')),
  ];

  return Promise.all(scripts);
}
```

### Dynamic page title

To set page title you have specify pageTitle parameter in the ui-router config as shown in example.

```javascript
angular.module('moduleName').config(function($stateProvider, $urlRouterProvider) {
$urlRouterProvider.otherwise('/home');
$stateProvider
    .state('home', {
        url: '/home',
        templateUrl : 'home.html',
        data : { pageTitle: 'Home' }
    });
});
```


## How can I get involved? [![Join char on gitter.im](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%8A%AA%20gitter%20-join%20chat%20%E2%86%92-brightgreen.svg)](https://gitter.im/MitocGroup/deep-framework)

### Feedback

We are eager to get your feedback, so please use whatever communication channel you prefer:
- [github issues](https://github.com/MitocGroup/deep-microservices-root-angularjs/issues)
- [gitter chat room](https://gitter.im/MitocGroup/deep-framework)
- [deep email address](mailto:feedback@deep.mg)

### Contribution

This project is open source, and we encourage developers to contribute. Here below is the easiest way to do so:

1. [Fork](http://help.github.com/forking/) this repository in GitHub.
2. Develop the feature in your repository. Make one or more commits to your repository in GitHub.
3. Perform a [pull request](http://help.github.com/pull-requests/) from your repository back into original repository in GitHub.

Make sure you update `package.json` (or `deepkg.json`, depends on the use case) and put your name and contact information in contributors section. We would like to recognize the work and empower every contributor in creative ways :)

### Roadmap

Our short-to-medium-term roadmap items, in order of descending priority:

Feature | Details | Owner
--------|---------|------
Increase code coverage | To be updated | [@vcernomschi](https://github.com/vcernomschi)
Implement end-to-end testing | To be updated | [@vcernomschi](https://github.com/vcernomschi)

### Changelog

Changelog files are located in `/changelog` folder.
> See [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/MitocGroup/deep-microservices-root-angularjs/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) for latest changelog.

### License

This repository can be used under the MIT license.
> See [LICENSE](https://github.com/MitocGroup/deep-microservices-root-angularjs/blob/master/LICENSE) for more details.

### Sponsors

This repository is being sponsored by:
> [Mitoc Group](http://www.mitocgroup.com)
